Update readme (#257)
OctopusDeploy/helm-charts: README.md

- [Octopus Deploy](https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/octopus-deploy) - Self-host the Octopus Deploy server.

## Kubernetes agent

The Kubernetes agent are the recommended way to deploy to Kubernetes clusters using Octopus Deploy. The helm chart is hosted on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/octopusdeploy/kubernetes-agent).

The chart can be found at [here](./charts/kubernetes-agent).

### Values documentation

The [Readme.md](./charts/kubernetes-agent/readme.md) in the chart directory contains the documentation for the `values.yaml`.

As the structure of the `values.yaml` may change between major versions, see below to find the correct `readme.md` for each version.

### Versions

The Kubernetes agent helm chart is versioned in line with [SemVer](https://semver.org/). Broadly, the version bumps can be assumed:

- *major* - Breaking changes to the chart. This may include adding or removing of resources, the executing container images or breaking changes to the structure of the `values.yaml`.
- *minor* - New non-breaking features. New features or improvements to either the containers or helm chart itself. 

> - *patch* - Non-breaking bug fixes. Bug fixes or minor non-new-feature changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *patch* - Minor non-breaking bug fixes or changes that do not introduce new features.
```

The `main` branch will reflect the current development version of the chart. This may be the latest released version or if a new version is in development, may be a pre-release version.

| Version   | Branch                                                                                                                               | Readme                                                                                                                  | values.yaml                                                                                                               |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | 2 (alpha) | [main](./charts/kubernetes-agent)                                                                                                    | [here](./charts/kubernetes-agent/readme.md)                                                                             | [here](./charts/kubernetes-agent/values.yaml)                                                                             |

Reviewer: This table index is a really nice idea 👍 

Should these hyperlinks all be relative (point to local source) or absolute (github links)? I noticed that v1/2 use different types of links.
